I done rewritted from memory the Bergh Family Basics, all y'all Bergh'r Nerds should study in up! Course where else better'n to start than with my kissin cousin Cindie-Mae Bergh, she is Uncle Perry Bergh's daughter. Perry and Cindy-Mae Bergh's is where we have the Bergh family reunions. On account of they has them a cement pond. We calls em Bergh-offs, our family reunions we does. On account ah, we used tah could be from near Monroe Wisconsin where they make them, Berghoff Beer. We all left there and came tah Arizona on account of Uncle Perry, had some trouble with the Po-lease, he done did. So we moved to Arizonee to avoid being subpeonaed. Anyway, Cindy-mae she is kind of a tease like a lot of these facebooker womenz. Cause I can look but can't touch, an also Uncle Perry, he done did showed me the rubber bands he used tah could emasculated them sheeps testicles with, back in Wisconsin. He says if he ever catch me sniffing around Cindie-Mae's panties he'd a use it on me, or any tah other Bergh boys. He don't wanna be supportin no brood of Bergh brats with two thumbs on each hand. We Bergh's have a rich family history as you can prolly gather.

Sorry I disappeared y'all! I deactivated this so Grandma Bergh wouldn't go hacking my account again and catching whiff of what the stolen funds were for. Alright guys and dolls, I'll update when the bandages are removed with fresh pictures of my franken Wang and new perty pussy! Like my old posts.

Well thank you Christian League of Teenage Mothers Against Child Execution! I am grateful for all of the hand, foot, and blow jobs that you done given to get me a stay of execution. I took one for the Team as well when the Governor came to ask me himself, in person if I swore off selling drugs, and killing vagrant prostitutes, and really done took Jesus into my little 8 year old heart. Well I tells him, Gubnah sir! I will show you what Jesus done did teached me! So I gets down on my knees and unzips his pants front, took out his already hard, and fully erect, throbbing hunk of man meat and proceeded to give him a life changing blow job the likes only one as skilled at sucking, and ass rimming as Lord Jesus could teach. I made sure to edge him good and plenty with my little underage ass wagging around so I was sure all the blood was thin in his lower body and his feet were tingling before I brought him off, and wolfed down that huge, thin milky load of Man Chowder. He wrythed in ecstasy for several minutes on the ground with his pants around his ankles, before clearing his throat, hiking his trousers, and saying with great passion. "Mister Bergh, Young Lad! Your passion for the teachings of our Lord has inspired a spirit of great lean-e-n-see in me, as well as an appetite for chicken wings or something greasy. I have found it in my heart to grant you a full pardon, not just a stay of execution. That was the most heartwarming act of Christian selflessness I have ever witnessed, as well as the most inhuman demonstration of control of the gag reflex!" He went on a while in delirium, but let me just finish this post by telling you all, I am writing this from a suite at the Governors mansion, where I am an honored guest for the evening. How bout that y'all? Aint it something what a few acts of Christian charity can accomplish? Who woulda thunk it? Well what do you think old Bergher buddy's next move should be? I am gonna sleep on it, and look forward to all of your likes and comments. Missed you all!

Well every guys, another day another twisted turn in the boss nigga shit life of your ole pal the Bergher buddy. Here is some shit right here, so I'm getting my tonsils swamped by the governor, and all of his cabinet, or whatever; here in the main Airezonee Governors mansion. Then, get this; after stomaching another weak, thin, small dicked, milky chode from yet another in what seemed like a countless stream of skelah-tor-esque, effeminate, limp dicked politicians. Each somehow with one undecended testicle; these limp wristehd closet homos! Old Governor stops me in mid chug to announce that since he freed me from death row, and gave me a full pardon, his cunt stitch truancy is no longer supporting him by sending contributions to his indiegogo campaign for president boss nigga shit of the world. So he grabs me by the ear like I'm some used up Mexican teenage prostitute, and forces what he calls a chemical castration down my eight year old senior-semen soaked gullet. He claims his cunt snitch chewents demanded that a hyper sexual juvenile delinquent of my moral turpitudinous felonious fellating nature, of nurturing the post rectal leakage tossed salad of crack addicted prostitutes, not to mention the murder and such is in no way cured by the blow job artistry and creative rimjob drill sergeant instruction of Jesus, and cause Lord couldn't cure my cussin shit spew vierewlent diarrhea of the herpes sore infested mouth; that it would be not even uncle Sams meera-kull salt-peter which is used in the United States' War machine to keep the killing agents of our good, right, and moral democratic USA; who are the soldiers; focused away from slap happy homo erotic circle jerking, reach around the rosy butt cheeks greased with anal lube, and hatefully gang fucking each and every stray flash grenade shrap-nahlized torso, bayonet fuck hole stabbed piece of innocent child part that happens past in the blood soaked carnage of killing for foreign exchange leverage and energy futures.  Before another grizzley sado sexual necrophiliac act of humiliation is performed in training bra train manner on the by-standing agent orange astroglide lubed, rotted, putrescent, necrotized y incision rib split trakeeacardiactomy experiment gone wrong scarred torso of a brown, black, yellow or red labor induced second trimester expectant mother, while GI Joe Blow and company furiously fist fuck fight one another for thrashed out thirds on that prime hunka man meat magnet. Nope, salt peter won't do it he says. Its Benpehridol for little only good for cocksucking water head miscreant misfits of my cornholing caliber. Then he goes on to tell me it just will take away my sexual urges but won't at all interfere with my semen funneling second extended stomach or gag reflex-ology so he can continue to keep me chained like a doberman and fed scraps of fried chicken with the meat picked from bone, to keep me hungry to be ever ready to hoover down as much of his, his daddy's, and all his political parties pudding puddles, like some limp dicked deflated scrotumd filet-sheeoh seal, clapping for infection with the clap, and grasping for gargantuan germ spewing shaft after shaft, in hopes of being suffocated by the torrents of semen from nasty old feces smelling politicians who are post retirement aged, diplomatically immune wasp gentlemen, with a sadistic bent. Oh Bergher buddies, how ever will I go on without the one bane of my own bent? Crack starved hookers on my johnny junk sack doing the cripple creek clog solo act in leather gimp mask with zipper mouth, as I wear my gilded red grand dragon robe and teeva sandals with white socks. I knew I should have asked Jesus to enlarge my micro penis so they would have let me still get hard to maybe top them. Instead I feel like I have wasted all my prayers that brought about the installing of the distended second stomach with grate drainage, to bypass my lower intestine.  So as I would hurricane down load after load of donkey cum at my previous second job as the great american donkey cum funnel funjet vacation tour highlight.  The cum is now always able to be running as a constant waterfall out of my bald, pre-pubescent baby tight bunghole. Yes Governor had that rubberized and rejuvenated too. Now he is saving my rancid second rectal virginity for the inaugural speech warm up for his election emminant as Boss Nigga Shit of the world. I love the way this guy talks though, don't you? Plus his cum tastes just like I imagine my own father's would! I've sent in my absentee ballot already. La swoon. Don't tell, but its kind of giving me a phantom erection the way his cuss fuck mouth matches mine. I don't want to get phantom chemically castrated. THAT! would double FML!

Yo update from outside the States! My kickstarter campaign bailed for the funding of my plastic surgery. Luckily my old job as headlining donkey cum funnel in a Mexican donkey show has more benefits than just a super human gag reflex! I found a back Alley Plastic surgeon to do the poly vinyl vagina and the penile extension for pesos on the dollar. He comes with the highest of recommendation, and even did community college in the states! So I filched one of my Grandma, Fannie Mae Bergh's social security checks, plus some of the money she got for being the easy baby bake oven for the world war II super soldier and there was plenty left over after prepayment to the surgeon in full for one last crack starved hooker to clog on my cocktail Weiner sized johhny-junk hose before super sizing it!

Recovery from my Franken Wang surgery ain't going so well Bergh'r buddies! I am currently still in Mexico. I woke up post op in a bathtub full of ice and that swindwley fuck doctor dipshit harvested my favorite kidney for, I assume the black market. He basically turned me into a freak. Butchered my cock into a horrifying resemblence of what a mama birdie would retch up to feed her hatchlings. It is bigger than before but I think that it is mostly pus, and swelling. Which has moved steadily toward my heart for the past month or so. Suffice it to say that old Nate here has not been his usual chipper self. For the virgin pink pussy I am pretty sure that quack swindler bastard just sewed in a zippered vinyl bank deposit pouch. This can't be verified because I can't see past the swelling and the pain has been too intense to bend over. I also can't make my hand get close enough to take a probing finger to the works. I also don't speak Spanish and the old Mexican that now keeps me as a way to guilt tourists to give me spare pesos and american dollars can't give me a description in English. Everyone else who gets an eyeful immediately vomits, or runs away screaming "Dios Mio, Que Horrible!!". What the fuck ever that means. Damn spics! Speakey the English. We have the decency to let them allow us to hire them illegally, least they can do is learn Merckin! Right? Sheesh. Anyhow, Pedro or Paco or what the fuck ever; the old Mexican who found me crawling in agony to try to get medical attention, he scooped me up over his shoulder. He lives in a hut a few minutes walk down from a fancy beach resort. Each morning he wakes me by rattling my cage outside his shack with a stick. He lures me into a wheel barrow by offering me what turns out to be my sole meal of the day. Some sort of corn meal gruel, gives my broken business a poke with the stick so I squeal like a Piggie in agony and chuckles, muttering what I assume are derogatory remarks in Spanish. Then he hikes me down the path to the area near the beach where the tourists go swimming. He leaves me with a bucket, and a sign reading "Jesus loves you.". I'm left in the baking hot Mexican sun all day to horrify, and sicken about a thousand or so happy, unsuspecting tourists. Some of them leave donations in the bucket if they don't run in terror. He obviously takes all of my hard earned sympathy spange. I also stink a mad bitch which has gotten me kicked to fuck by some of the younger square jawed college aged kids. Paco must pay people; if Mexicans count as people, to watch because if anyone tries to assist me a strange person feigning to be a emergency medical personage all the sudden shows up and much to my dismay delivers me with a boot to the jaw back to my stinking squaller of a rusty dog cage that I now call my home foul hell.

Please for the love of God! Someone call my Grandma, and let her know to check my messages on fb it has all the info to find me. Her name is Fannie Mae Bergh, oh fuck they are taking this iPad away from me. Just help. Please? I am 8 years old. Have some compassion! I heard the tourists saying I won't live through the week if I don't get some help. Don't waste time with a Gofundme campaign. That shit is stupid. Just get ahold of my Grandma. That bitch will know what to do. Also don't believe anything she says about me. That drunken cunt. I love her.

The great American donkey cum funnel is what carnival cruise lines bills me as when I headline their very classy and exclusive donkey show south American cruise. 

I got so many fan letters and proposals from the elite Mexican businessmen and cartel clientele who all tipped me big and the next season I got bigger even still after having the loot for bonafide internal organ modification which added a grate drain straight from my esophagus which flows directly as a waterfall out my tight pink little prepubescent baby tight bunghole. Then one of the maintenance staff installed a multicolor display of led light which shine gloriously through those many many torrents of donkey cum that result in as many or more oohs and ahhs from the fans.  

My training and gag reflexology exercises are that which landed me the elite carnival cruise gig in the first place when a talent scout spotted me performing through a glory hole in a donkey show stateside that fateful morning, evening, and midnight madness shows in East Arizona donkey farms. I happened to pick up the knack for it while eluding capture there on an alleged charge of soliciting a prostitute and homicide of that alleged prostitute. She was actually just a genital torture specialty dominatrix who replied to my Craigslist ad titled Seeking Cripple Creek Clogger for the stage of my Johnny Junk sack. 

Funny how one thing leads to another, aye? But yeah besides the light show that grate drainage flow upped the anti and my yelp reviews were all rave once I was not always having to stop mid chug and throw up whatever donkey cum was backing up. Fussy perverts am I right? Oh the lights really help the donkey navigate the trail for the haunted hayride though. Fun for the entire familia on a carnival mexico ship. Good call Juan Carlos you are irreplaceable and I couldn't have earned the billing and the nickname without the support of hombres like you and the other ones who scrape the donkey shit off the stage faster than one of those ball boys at the Wimbledon tennis tournament. Nothing worse on a mixed yelp review than one time that pointed out how choreography was reminiscent of a Benny Hill Heavy Petting Zoophile porno parody opening theme! That's off yelp not my words, but don't they paint a picture?

Any of you inclined to make their own words, pneumonic devices, pet personal panty drawer liner nicknames for people, places, events? I've red a lot of garbled scribbling on a bathroom wall under Mary Jane Runny rotten crotches coin slot toll booth hot dog hallway phone number. Another guy had drawn his advert for Mary Jane portrayed immortally, as a paraplejic gutter whore splashed with warm steamy cream of man chowder and emphasized the poor craftsmanship that only a crack hungry pubic hair clogged cum funnel hypodermic budget income afforded graphical representation of her moist, mildewy and uneven wooden legs money would allow. Anyway lastly the scribblings next to that says, that iffin you waz inclined to pronounce words backwards it gave you and intuitive more elastic, and faster expanding consciousness within the great nest of being. So did any you cool facebooker womenzes or fellerz ever say words or and stuff backwards even as just a self amusement?

Say like cause you was uh, chronically masturbating, and someone had tied your hands away from your crotch so you could not get to the milking of your vehement venom spitting man hammer space inhabiting happy hour hose nozzle that needed milking. So you just says words, or phrases, backwards? As a way to keep from trance masturbatorey madness, induced by frustration, and emasculation abandonment issues with boxes of tissues, brought on by the masculinity traps that are the fear manifestations of those who have a flock of evils to avail so they can finally rest easily knowing that since santa clause and superman are fictional they nominated themselves as the one person justice league Blanche Devarew of Golden Girls Guilt League Guild judge nigga honey bitch apparently in charge of making jesus's rapture naughty-ness and nice list.

Gotta admit here I am guilty on all counts. Spank me, or point and laugh. I am pretty easy greazie coveralls around your ankles open for suggestions, or fingerings out. Chime in class. Don't be a dunce show me your stunts, or stints. Nurse you can't hit this vein. Though you continued to poke away in vain. Tits lips.

Dear ladies!

I'm really just a sensitive guy who's been heartbroken and left with a big blue set of troll balls that dwarf my miniscule little flea shit speck of a pecker.

I really didn't mean to insult you and your wonderfully clean ladies rooms with tampon dispensers. Men's rooms after all have condom dispensers, but it only serves to rub in the fact that if I bought a condom it would just expire in my pocket. At least your bathrooms sell items you're likely guaranteed to use, unless you get laid. Either way, something is going in and out of you and in the best case scenario it will end in a flush. Worst case, its a boy which you choose to name 'Amee'. Like that Johnny Cash song, except you chose that name cause he is named after your grandmother. Not for any other reason than he resembles her beef curtain draped bung hole.

I guess what I am admitting here is after my sex change went awry in Mexico and I escaped near death from Paco, or whatever the fuck his greasy brown ass was named I have been struggling with my own femininity!

I sincerely apologize for generalizing you all as ho bags and sleazy cum sponges that could suck the rust off dumpsters. Its clear as fuck to me now that I was projecting my own lack of the ability to hold my little fake pussy above such reproach. Alas the only approach I may experience in such manner can be from behind, into my can.

So please, next time you are hovered over a piss and male pubic hair covered toilet seat, with potential for pubic lice infestation, changing your plug. Do think of me, yes?

Regards,
Nathan Bergh

Oh gods new clean of drugs and cureerez of retardation. I am going to treatment post haste and also remitting myself to the state geeheek. Gods says its lips working on my cussin. Well send me nuders of all y'all to wank to. Gohd saints say no quarrel with sneak Weiner thievery. Keep your turkey necks throttled and unchecked. Tils I out a lock up with gods bittersweet healing secretion all over my oral soul. Bless you, and god forgiven me for getting all those granny's at the bingo hall addicted to st. Nons Johns zwart remover cream teat butter. And lastly I pissed all over you slandered you, probably made you want to hate on the one you really love, your self and others. You deserved it botched birth bitches. I never even hammered her furry tight hamster fed bung plug. I have to sit with cell block and I'll be praying for all you guys to stop doing those drugs and gods mirth merchandizing schema will cleanse your twins. Now I am in god raspberry reach around ham sandwich peace that I can not even hand feed a hamster in to a tweaked out trailer hooker troll. Go ahead and send all the hook up requests but one won't be working his glory hole at the donkey show.

Oh my not only do I have to worry about getting shived in the yard but now I have to worry about someone I have never even interacted with that is thousands of miles away "seriously killing me". On top of it all, this guy tells me I am the "worst troll" he has ever seen. Does that refer to the degree of my trolldom, or insinuating he could do better? I have been working under the assumption that I am the best the world wide nets nuts have ever teabagged! I never hear Grandma swear unless she is riding her diesel sybian. I'll bet she made a weak attempt to troll this poor insecure and obviously envious small town hick retard cuntstain. FML Grandma! On top of it all my poor face has been crowded with massive and highly stimulated penis of the other inmates that I can not get to this ineffectual donkey jism clogged douche-nozzle to give him a proper education in trolling and psychological intimidation. Not to mention he must have me confused with his Mother dearest, cause this raging puddle of mongoloid diarrhea is in another state where my daddy and uncle Perry was born. I won't include his real name or pictures cause I turned all of a Jesus Homo, and my ties with White Supremecy Run deep, and if it got out that a person even threatened to do my sandwich making without my consent of me several hundred thousand White Power Activists Agents would activate within his county and systematically torture and molest this baby faced little effeminate cockshaft hugger. Your old Bergh'r Buddy of Christ's Crusty Christmas Stocking wants no more murders, rapes, vivasections, or hits put out in his name. I'm real sorry for whatever Jesus made my Grand mom's say into you, that made you want to kill a little old helpless but very horny, and fuckin nosy lady. Peace be with you buddy. I'm sure your testicles will decend and you can move out of mommy and daddies basement in time. Just look at old Bergh'r Buddy. I got popped for octuple homicide, and they made me the States first mandatory immediate death sentence. Well I got a weeks worth of last meals first. See? That's how awfully clever I am. Peace dude. Things get better. Just quit doing drugs, be right and do like old Nate done did. Get with the Lord. I got no more fearses cause I got love. Sorry we couldn't make your homicidal dreams cum true Lil guy. Perhaps there are other kids you can kill in your neighborhood? Honestly it wasn't me, this time. Oh yeah and proper sorry bout all the poor hookers I done did get hooked onto smack, and yet thankfully we all learnt a little something. Jesus cures all, but a fuckin cussin ass mouth. Alright back to a feast of cock shafts. Cheers!

Is there an MTBI group for the average generic bro douche archetype? You wouldn't hit a guy with physical deformity would ya? Yes I hear you, apparently you have not got a load of these ears. Nor did Walt Disney's disembodied cannibal meat flap pussy licking high roller cause they tried to feed my mom to him on rivival of his hulkingness the butt boil squeeze sting like when my humid scrotum stuck to the flag pole while comedy solutions of happy hooker discouraging.

The inquiry has been made. "Nathan, how ever do you afford all the hookers?"

Well here is the long, and short of my reply.

I have a pair of knee pads that I have to replace monthly. I pay for all of my ball trampling tranny hookers by moonlighting in mexico one weekend a month on a Donkey Show Tour. I'm billed as the great American Donkey-cum Funnel, and now Funjet Mexico is having me as an act on their new South American Cruise Line. I am using the vacation time for my day Job on that gig, so it's double clocking the doodle dum dollars for this guy. The one thing I got to get down is to purge myself out of sight of the show goers, cause if I puke up any of that tasty donkey wad in front of the paying customers they get refunds and I don't get my dinero. Weird huh? They don't mind watching it go down, but it's a turn off watching it hurled back up? Perverts can be fussy, I spose? How do you feel about it?

I was changing Grandma's tampon today. Its for her bloody diarrhea, not her menstrual cycle. Come on guys. She is 93. Menopause. Ya know.
Anyway, as I'm changing her blood and feces soaked anal tampon...
She is all like. Hang on, Nathan! Jesus bless you, I'm about to have some demonic vaginal flatulance! So she grabs her walker to brace herself, and whoa Nelly! She let out the most thunderous queef that rang through the desert here in Arizona!!! The neighbor's Life Alert went off, and there were ambulances, and EMS Techs. All of which I had to explain to about my little old Grandma's Master Queef, that stopped traffic. Honestly I let her rectal tampon go last night while I was at the motel with one of the Many, many manly transgender hookers that I patron. So I kinda knew her plug would be soiled, but I had no idea the orderly that delivers her meals on wheels would be pumping her all night long and driving so much air up her old, loose, wrinkled, baby gap! I guess the labido comes from her side of the family. The worst part is when I logged on Tue pornhub to post the videos of my latest ball trampling home made videos, there is a video of grandma and this meals on wheels in the hot videos list. Do you think I watched it? Of course. I had to see how in the world he crammed that much air up her party pocket. That, my friends is a bit too much for even this gentleman to relate. If your interested go and search "Awkward Octogenarian Gymnast Cockhound Rides Rodeo Bulldick a Go-Go Disco". You'll see exactly what should not be put into words...

Sweet dreams y'all...

My asshole is really loose and used up. Does anyone know of a good plastic surgeon who does good work at rectal rejuvenations? I want to get a rubberized bunghole like old King Cole had. He called for his wife, and he bent over for a lead pipe, he called for her clitty fiddlers, three. Seriously though... Help me out, my shit just falls out and I really used to enjoy a long grunting bear down dookie at work after punching in. Its like the bowel vacation time is all reduced to a few measly seconds.

Do you think someone has a problem if as soon as one filthy disease ridden foul carp smelling hooker is leaving their hotel room; they no sooner are on the phone calling for services of another one? Truly how much trampling can a set of testicles take in the course of 24 hours? I feel I am destined to find out today!!!

Imagine if there was an unknown, and separate plane of existence to us where our thoughts appeared as tattoos on the skin in chameleon fashion of a person or being that was our counterpart. Then; I think the guy or girl who had my thoughts appear on their skin as tattoos would have the most interesting and conversation provoking tattoos appear on his, or her skin.

Like today when I walked past the gay bar down the street kicking a tin can like Dennis the Menace and wondered what exactly went on inside of there. Like all the fags taking the bar stools, and setting them upside down, dropping their trousers and taking the legs of the stool up the rump; four fags per stool and having a "reach-around-robin" circle jerk off and the first faggot to blow his filthy load had to get off the leg of their stool til it was down to the last shit covered dick having homo with a leg of a stool up his ass and they would push the stools together. Allowing the remaining queers to circle jerk each other from their stool and the last limp wristed effeminate homo to not have blown his milky load would be the winner of the "reach-around-robin" and would get sucked off by all the other participants of the contest until he finally blew his load down the AIDS ridden throat of one of the others as a reward for winning.

So yeah; the guy that has my thoughts gets his door knocked on every day and people bugging him to see his tattoos in awe and envy cause all their tattoos are always some stupid boring shit like all the facebook entries you scroll past every single day that make you want to fucking jump off a cliff. Yeah, that guy that gets my thoughts as his tattoos is probably the god of that particular plane of existence. So also, why am I not your god?

What's on your mind?

Can you just tattoo "highschool dropout" on your arm instead of my name, baby? That way if we inevitably break up it would still have some relavance to your life, as well as sum up my identity and the modality of why we belong together.

I hope this doesn't take the wind out of your sails on how you are feeling about me at the moment. You suggesting self mutilation with my name on it, honestly has taken the wind out of mine...

In fact, why don't we go to the tattoo shop right now? Just let me stop at the hardware store and pick up some contractor size garbage bags and a hacksaw. Oh, and there is this lovely patch of swampland I want to show you on the way there. You won't believe how bright the moonlight on a clear night like tonight is.

Sure... Uhhh.... I love you too. Don't look at me, kiss or touch me right now though. I'd hate to spoil the romance too soon.

What are your closed minded views on men's feet in sandals? Below are mine. Adhere to them closely.

Personally I think Men should be admonished for this fowl and inconsiderate behavior! A Man's foot is the most ugly body part of any species. It is rude and morally reprehensible to make women, and other men look at your feet anywhere other than a beach, or swimming pool. Perhaps walking through the mud would be allowable but don't in any case where you might encounter me eating. Do refrain!!!

I have sexy womanlike feet that are soft, supple and shapely. Yet I still hide them like Anne Frank and your eyes are the Gestapo!

I got some sunscreen for your chin in this hot summer heat! ...My balls.

I got a match too; my ass and your Sister's face!

It really bothers the fucking stinking green and yellow piss out of me when people start talking about "dog years". They will ask how old your dog is, and then throw their noses in the air and say "Well that's such and such in dog years..." As if I am supposed to be amazed at this separate, unknown reality that my dog is living that is seven of my dog's years to my one year.

I always look at my dog and think that she should get a job stripping in those extra years I'm not around so she can help old Berg'r buddy pay some human bills, ahem; like her dog food bill. What the fuck is my dog doing in those seven years to my one year? Are we just comparing the dog's lifespan to ours, or what exactly? Why aren't we doing this for other animals, or even like trees or inanimate objects?

Do you know how old I am in igneous rock years? I am .00006364 in igneous rock years! Guess how old I am in maple syrup years, guys? Give up? I'm 4 in maple syrup years! Weee, isn't this fun and kind of fucking arbitrary? How old are you in filthy anal bead years??? I'm dying to know so I can post a happy anal bead years birthday message on your facebook wall.

Dog years... Shut the fuck up with this garbage!

If the zombie apocalypse popped off, I think I'd be pretty set. I would just dig a trench all the way around the Bergh estate that was lined at the bottom with wood chippers, and wooden pikes so they would fall in and be ground into zombie burger, or impaled before they could attack me.

I'd also go out and find me a fine young teenage zombie girl and abscond with her back to the Bergh Bunker. Then I'd knock out all of her teeth with a hammer, and hacksaw off her arms and legs and use her for my little undead fuck doll. If it worked out I may even get me a few of these little zombie fuck puppets.

Do you guys think if a guy fucked a dude zombie fuck puppet that that would make him a gay? I ain't exactly too sure, cause zombies don't exactly identify themselves sexually, right? Like you never hear zombies describe one another as effeminate, or butch. Ya know?

When the inevitable zombie apocalypse occurs I think that Obama should ban gay zombie marriage, myself. It would give the zombies something to rally around, effectively distracting them from eating our brains while they are out marching for gay zombie rights. Besides I think faggot zombies are an abomination on zombie god!

It's all fine and shit if they wanna suck each others zombie cocks, give each other zombie-homo rim jobs, and have poopy zombie dick butt sex with each other in the privacy of their own homes, but I don't wanna see that shit in public! What kind of message would that send to the zombie youth of America? It would be a real gut wrenching travesty to see the downfall of the zombie family values! I really think zombies should speak out publicly as soon as the outbreak occurs!

I already want something done!!!

When you get infected and bornt as a gay zombie, do you think you will be a zombie top, or a zombie bottom? Just don't forget to double up your rubbers up! You don't want to catch no zomb-AIDS.

UPS stands for Uterus Probing Service, right?

Cause every time I am playing Call of Doobie in my Grandma's Basement where I live, and the UPS man stops. All I hear is him riding her like a rodeo steer!

Holy shit covered walrus tits, does he ever jam a ton of air up inside her honey hole too! After he leaves and she finally brings down my fuckin Totino's Pizza Rolls and starts my laundry, she is down here queefing up a tropical storm! Hairy Hurricane Fannie Mae Bergh I call her...

Anyway, do you think this uterus probing service place is hiring? Those guys must have the best fuckin job ever. Plus the dress code is killer. Brown cap, shirt, and shorts all day, every day! Plus driving around a big open truck filled with what I assume are rubbers and anal lube day blasting trap music. Genius business model!

Some day I do plan on moving into the crumby little Motel down the street til the old bag dies and I get the Bergh estate.

Anyone got the low and loose on where to submit my resume to this UPS joint?

Facebook Nazi Police deleted my post announcing that I was starting a racist support group in my community!

No wonder no one has been showing up! I'm pissed and so is Grandma Bergh. She has put a lot of elbow grease into shining up my nigger kicker combat boots, and spent a lot of her social security checks dry cleaning my Red Grand Dragon robe that's been passed down the inbred Bergh family lineage for generations!

What the shit is this Facebook?

I WANT SOMETHING DONE!!!

America's got talent, and Nathan Bergh's got dry heaves.

TV Dinners with Grandma Bergh are as horrifying as the acne on my butt cheeks.

Hey we got a match! My ass; your face...

Why must there be an app for every physical thing in creation? Why must it tempt me to install it, and for fucks sake why does my phone only have 200 MB of storage space left on it? What will I do without the Wal-Mart app?

Fuckin' first world problems, am I right? This hooker that is laying in front of me toothless and bleeding from the ears has problems too! Let's ask her what she thinks.
...

Oops I don't speak stupid whiney cunt, but to paraphrase: it was something something sob, gurgle sob sob.

I'm bored. Who wants to clog dance on my Johnny Junksack?

Is there a good home remedy for a chapped and itchy butt hole? I've been dabbing Vaseline on it all day but it just seems to compound the challenge? Help me find a creative solution people!?

This Mother's Day I'd like to honor the Mother of The Plainfield Ghoul: Edward Gein's Mom.

Their relationship is the perfect example of how a parent can affect the reality of their child in such a way as to create a map of reality so far from the norm that it systematically affects a community, country, and a whole Genre of art and film.

For all you Moms out there fucking up your child, just take pride that you may be creating the next Gein. Who inspired Friday the 13th, Psycho, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, to name a few.

Good job Moms! We love your tits, and we love wearing them as skin suits as well. You are the source of so much horror! What would we do without you?

Does screaming at your television like it is a useless woman make watching sports all that much more enjoyable? How does it make the woman you own feel when something outside of her is filling the role that she is supposed to provide?

While Granny Bergh is slamming on the wall of the duplex with a broom handle. Little old Nate will slide on over and give your woman the verbal abuse and fecal packing rectal punishment you are denying her with your televized mistress.

This works for me. Dip shits.

I don't know if I can hack it in this world anymore guys! I mean I'm 9 and things are just getting too seriously nowadays. Its changed from a wonderful world where you could joke about a little wife beating, throw around some racially offensive epithets with your gym buddies, and brutally murder a junkie prostitute without a big freaking deal being made

Geeze, with all this Ferguson, and Baltimore shit going on, everyone sounds like such a freaking drone. No one just gets high on designer drugs anymore, goes out, rolls and corn holes some brown hobos anymore on a Friday night. Everyone is running around with cell phones recording all the good interracial police beatings, and civilian rapes.

So do you think when the Menthol cigarettes, and fried chicken ingredients run out all this rioting bullshit will stop in Baltimore? Fuck you never hear me or my friends bitch and moan when the cops beat the living shit stink off of me!!! Fuckin builds character, don't ya know? That's what Pappy Bergh done learnt me. We all miss Pappy. Heed a thunked exactly what to do with these race card wielding spooks.

(AS Fannie-Mae Bergh)
This is Nathan's Grandmother! I figured out the lock pattern on his insipid Ipid. I hope you all are aware that my precious Grandson is only 9 years old, and I have seen the things you have all been encouraging him to say!

I hope you all know you are the reason that he has been mutilated in response from you all telling him to go fuck himself!? Yes, he even went as far as starting some kind of go-fuck-me-campaign to get a sex change operation which you all failed to donate to. To impress you all nonetheless he stole my royalty payments check and found a Mexican doctor to butcher him in a very grizzly back alley way.

Many of you are adults, and should be ashamed because I did not Rescue him from the Viet Kong brothel he was born and raise him in a good Catholic home school to have ideas from outside our own gene pool enter his mind.

Also, if any of you know Nathan's Pornhubs password I need to take down some footage he posted of me and a certain employee of a package delivery service. I am also convinced that it was all of you Jung cultist's that prayed to Carl's disembodied head which you keep in a pit of despair. His black ancient German psych-magic made that fine dark brown piece of chocolate tempt me into carnal knowledge of the unclean un-klan kind.

Damn it all!!! Please join me in a Prayer to our lord of the bastard sword Jesus Fuckin' H Christ and stop letting pigs blood and free bleeding all over Dr. Jung's disembodied head. In hope upon hope Jesus and God's Tit's lips can kiss into a healing blow to cure poor innocent nine year old, Nathan's flatulent cuss fuck mouth. Which you all have caused...

Please please to save our souls and to put a stop to this "Granny Fannie's Greasy Beef Curtain Queefs the Canadian National Anthem after being probed by the Uterus Probing Service" off of the Pornshubs! I am finally happy, and have something to live for. People like you all are the reason I can't have nice things as well as why Nathan did time for killing nice ladies with alcohol and other drug issues in that abandoned motel down the road.

Also if you see Nathan tonight tell him his curfew is still dark on his Birthday, and Grandma Fannie-Mae Bergh said so. That's why. I made him a totino's pizza roll cake that went completely to waste. Thanks for that as well. Heathens!

Nathan! You get home this instant young Man! Stop using those cuss words, Mister!

(AS Nathan Bergh)
You know Nate Diseasey Deezy hits the hooker heavy! I tracked down that cracked out pipe puffin prostititue that gave me the most recent STD. I had a pipe wrench and knocked the rest of her chicklet ass snagglie teeth the fuck out. Then I hate fucked her toothless ass-looking face to oblivion in the basement of the crack dungeon where I usually find her. I had my steel toes on and proceeded to crack all of her weak malnourished ribs with white power neo Nazi cunt kicks.

Then I called my plug at the trap house where I supply the automatic rifles, and had them drive over one of the "junk" cars that sits out front of the house, and traded what was left of her to them so they could film their pit bulls fuckin her. They sell tapes like that all the time on the black market for beastiality porn. That market is so prevalent in Chandler Arizona.

They gave me a quarter pound of scrambled coke, and heroine in trade. Shit is always raw, too. Then I got a call as I was bumping bass hooks in my ride, and it turns out that I contracted the chlamidya from my grandma, who got it from that meals on wheels guy I posted about last week.

It seems he was at the free clinic, and gave them a list of people to call in. She had to give them a list of names and numbers of all the people that she had contact with involving any of her wet drooling orifices, or open pus oozing sores. I've been telling her for years to stop waking me up with wet, sloppy old granny Tounge kisses.

She pretends to be sleep walking but after I take her back to her bed, I hear her diesel powered sybian fire up. Doh!

There are quite a few crack starved mixed race babies crying in a hovel of a cardboard box down by the interstate tonight. Grandma is lucky she makes my totinos pizza rolls and polishes my fila shoes, and steel toed neo Nazi Hitler youth boots. Not to mention ironing my red grand dragon robe. Caught a break Granny! Lucky.

Does anyone remember wacky wall walkers? They used to put them as prizes in general mills cereal. They were sticky gooey covered stretchy rubber octopi that you could throw at the window or the wall. They then would slowly creep down slathered against the wall and each arm would slink down ahead of the rest to keep the little slimy bastard adhered to the surface of the wall.

Well each month I get five to seven days of entrepreneurial income in my third grade class from just such a concept. I have a deal with Cindie Mae Bergh my seventeen year old cousin for when she menstruates I pay her $3 dollars a day to collect and keep moist her menstrual clots. Then I pick them up and take them to the different public elementary schools in the neighborhood. Demonstrate how my patented Wacky Womanblood Wall Wipers work, and the kids all pay me three bucks a clot to play with the ooey gooey sweet Cindie Mae Panty smelling biological menstrual messes!

I'm home schooled so this actually goes towards my credits, or whatever. Note: I stopped selling them on credit, and by the way Billy Henderson you owe me 3.50 and I will fire bomb your little brother's room if I don't have that shit in my pocket by Friday. Bergh's got bills to pay too!

While you were out chasing your weed dealer, I was banging your Mom's ass. That bitch must eat a lot of caramel centered bonbons cause most of her shit wouldn't wipe off between her old wrinkled and sagging tits. So of course the only solution was to have her tongue all the rest from around my little prepubescent purple mushroom headed trouser cobra.

So, how was that shwag you smoked?

My glandular problem ever worsens each day! I am only 8 years old, but I never get carded at the sand nigger mart for smokes.

So we're all aware of a Butter-Face. For those unfortunates who aren't aware, its a chick who has a hot ass body, but her face looks as if it started on fire and some good samaritan put it out with a pickaxe.

In these cases the solution is obviously the brown paper bag with eyeholes and mouth holes cut so you can maintain erection without catching a glimpse at the horror beneath.

So sagacious reasoning tells us that a Butter-Body, would be the inverse. Her face be smoking hot but her body be wrecked like the middle vehicle in a three car pileup on I-85.

The solution here to maintain erectile function is obviously a contractor size black garbage bag with snatch, rectum, and tit holes cut out.

Has anyone ever seen or experienced a butter-face butter-body, in one girl? Would you bother with a brown bag and garbage bag to tag that shit?

I may, but that's like three trips. One to the grocery store for the brown paper bag, then one to Home depot for the garbage bags. Plus going to the pharmacy for rubbers if you didn't want to pay inflated prices at the grocery! What do you say?

I say I can't believe she drained my nut butter with that face-body combo.

Resume for submission!

Black leather with zipper mouth masked Gimp looking for work in the Chandler-Gilbert, Mesa, or Phoenix Arizona areas as camera man, or willing participant for your weird freaky sex acts. I can also role play as non willing.

I also am a vers-dom-sub-bottom-top and specialize in genital trampling and mutilations. Also am handy for lubed insertions of large objects such as wine bottles, or Louisville Slugger baseball bats, as well as oversized ben-wa balls.

I work dirt cheap, and come with my own arsenal of sex toys and torture paraphernalia. Also plenty of astro glide for those certain tight situations you may need it!

If no one in my area is seeking such services I am off parole soon here, and am possibly thinking of relocation. So, don't be afraid to speak up and I can live in a cage in your sex dungeon anywhere in the continental US of A!

Okay guys I'm officially starting the first not for profit 12 step support group for racists called racists anonymous. The first step entails relinquishing yourself to a higher power. Racism is a lot bigger than we are; so just let it wash over you.

Our support group will be open to all races even those terrorist swine camel jockey jihad shouting towel heads you see on TV that give their kids automatic weapons. Speaking of those Godless devils have you ever seen how far they fly when you hold them behind a camel with all your drunk redneck buddies, and place the camels balls on a tree stump then one of you slam the camels balls real hard with a sledge hammer? Well I will tell you that camel kicks the head off that sand nigger swine and sends 'em 'allah' ways to hell. My uncle Perry Bergh, says they calls that a scud missle on tour in Iraq.

Yep even those gas peddlin brown dune coons are welcome!

Were expecting a big turnout at the Chandler-Gilbert Rec Center. The local police have also been notified to step up patrol in the area during the meetings.

Wish me luck! How do you think a chapter in your area would affect the community? Discuss!

So if you are not familiar with my theory on how vegans are really inadvertent, closet, passive carnivorous cannibals I'd like to let it fly for ya'z all and maybe we can all put this hot button topic to rest, and get to putting bigger and more important things to rest. Like; my balls, resting upon your chin.

Okay here we go...

So we are constantly shedding dead cells from our skin, as new ones are replaced. This goes for all the organs of our bodies as well as all the other multi celled organisms. Don't stop me if you have heard all of the above before. I am actually going somewhere with this and it unfortunately is not my favorite crack dungeon down town where I freebase with your soon to be dead hooker mother.

As these cells die and float off, say into your homestead vegan prissy little garden in the back yard they decay and become the soil of which the plants use for energy to make all the crunchy-munchy green veggies we all know and love to shove, or shovel into our holes. All the while, assuming that no consciousness has suffered in our endeavor to sustain our own physical vehicle for one. How asinine and assumptive of us to ascertain and determine that plants do not have consciousness, nor suffer any kind of pain upon our brutal harvest of them with our big ass green tractors and garden weasels. I am not in agreement myself, but here relating the mass framework of belief of our species at this space and time interval as I generally observe them. Now; I digress, as grass dies...

So; the outspoken vegan in all their well meaning do good-ery. Protesting peacefully on the cattle rancher's farm, and even though the chickens are spoon fed and the cattle free range. Little do they know the cattle are grazing on grasses that have consumed freshly dead and suffered vegan skin cells! Preposterous; I do declare and ironic, don't you think to agree?

So watch out you vegetarians there be dead animals in them there greens you be eating, and dead vegans too! Ya cannibals!

I myself, am a vag-i-tarian! Knowing full well that as I am eating the vagina I am eating so too am I eating all the dicks that once sustained it through penetration.

Arrgh! So strapped for time while not having WiFi at home that I am not able to start a facebook fan page for each of the neighborhood dogs that gang fuck my tight pink little prepubescent nine year old butt hole at the behest of the PCP dealer that I am always getting fronts from down the road.

Not to mention all the time I spend cleaning the accidents my grandma's ulcerative colitis causes when it leaks bloody diarrhea through her trans-vaginal mesh. The worst is when I am back there and I get spackle sprayed with it as the abdominal cramping bends her over as I am in the middle of cleaning it. If only she had a selfie-stick from the local gas station; I am sure the live footage would make a hell of a riotous Snatch-fat post for all of her buddies to watch. Our Lord of the Bastard Sword Jesus Fucking H. Christ knows I don't have time, nor internet access to snap shat that kind of thing.

Make sure when I send you a request to like the facebook page I plan to make for Spike that you all Like it for sure, so I know you all still love me.

The Bergh family was notoriously involved in grass roots white power groups and held high positions. I can imagine the fact that my Mother liking brown dick caused quite a stir in all of her and pappy's social circles. How riveting, they should do a reality show about your family. I'd have my popcorn ready every week. We all miss pappy.

Dub-step goes hand and hand with my club-foot. Finally a music genre that I can emulate that compliments the many generations of inbreeding inherent in my facially asymmetric sloping uni-brow, hairless Habsburg jawed having heritage. My gate kind of screams hip-hop, what with the hammer-toe on the other side that has the camel-toe hangnail which needs desperate clipping. I can't Identify with the lyrics of hip hop, cause the only trapping I get is when my Uncle Perry Bergh gets black-out drunk and pins me behind the briers and I am the one who wishes my locomotion doesn't inhibit my scrambling from his prickly shrub. What is your favorite genre of music these days and why? Dis-gust, er I mean discuss!

Consider me learnt, Son. Sure do like the prose. The werdiest words I think I ever read since I had to help my cousin Cindie-May Bergh decipher the directions on them morning after abortment pills. It's just good we figured that one out, cause Uncle Perry'ta woulda took them rubber bands and Emasculated me like he done with those sheeps testicles on the farm way back in Monroe Wisconsin afore he done did get a warrant for arrest. Anyway he'd cut my balls off if would find out Cindie-Mae and I fooling around tryna make a brood of Bergh'r brats with four thumbs on they forethumbs. Not ta mention the whole hammer toe hang nail club foot thing. Whew that was a close call but I still wonder how Cindie-Mae got my little soldier at attention considering I was chemically castrated by the state of Arizonee. She really knows how to massage a prostate I tell you what. I know I got cunt scent but I still don't know if that equals consent.


